actual parameter 205 - Actual parameters are parameters as they appear in function calls. 
                       Formal parameters are parameters as they appear in function declarations.

ambiguous invocation 221 - Sometimes there are two or more possible matches for the invocation of a method, 
                           but the compiler cannot determine the best match. 
                           This is referred to as ambiguous invocation.
                           Ambiguous invocation causes a compile error

argument 205 -  when a method is invoked, you pass a value to the parameter. 
                This value is referred to as an actual parameter or argument

divide and conquer 225 - A way of developing a computer program by first describing general functions, 
                         then breaking each function down into details which are refined in successive 
                         steps until the whole program is fully defined

formal parameter (i.e., parameter) 205 - The variables defined in the method header

information hiding 225 - The details of the implementation are encapsulated in the
                         method and hidden from the client who invokes the method

method 204 -  a collection of statements grouped together to perform an operation.

method abstraction 225 - separating the use of a method from its implementation. 
                         The client can use a method without knowing how it is implemented

method overloading 219 - two methods have the same name but different parameter lists within one class. 
                         The Java compiler determines which method to use based on the method signature.

method signature 205 - The method name and the parameter list together constitute

modifier 205 - The method name and the parameter list together constitute

parameter 205 - The variables defined in the method header

pass-by-value 212 - When you invoke a method with an argument, 
the value of the argument is passed to the parameter.

scope of a variable 222 - The scope of a variable defines the section of the code in which the variable is visible

stepwise refinement 225 - to decompose it into subproblems. The subproblems can be further
                          decomposed into smaller, more manageable problems.

stub 227 - a simple but incomplete version of a method—can be used for the methods waiting to be
           implemented. The use of stubs enables you to quickly build the framework of the program